default                        : Default Target
sim                            : Simulation env
sim_asm_test_000_default       : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_000_default.psm
sim_asm_test_001_test_ok       : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_001_test_ok.psm
sim_asm_test_002_jump          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_002_jump.psm
sim_asm_test_003_jump          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_003_jump.psm
sim_asm_test_004_comp          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_004_comp.psm
sim_asm_test_005_comp          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_005_comp.psm
sim_asm_test_006_and           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_006_and.psm
sim_asm_test_007_or            : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_007_or.psm
sim_asm_test_008_xor           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_008_xor.psm
sim_asm_test_009_andi          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_009_andi.psm
sim_asm_test_010_ori           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_010_ori.psm
sim_asm_test_011_xori          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_011_xori.psm
sim_asm_test_012_add           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_012_add.psm
sim_asm_test_013_addi          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_013_addi.psm
sim_asm_test_014_sub           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_014_sub.psm
sim_asm_test_015_subi          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_015_subi.psm
sim_asm_test_016_comp          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_016_comp.psm
sim_asm_test_017_compi         : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_017_compi.psm
sim_asm_test_018_rl            : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_018_rl.psm
sim_asm_test_019_rr            : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_019_rr.psm
sim_asm_test_020_sl0           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_020_sl0.psm
sim_asm_test_021_sl1           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_021_sl1.psm
sim_asm_test_022_sla           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_022_sla.psm
sim_asm_test_023_slx           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_023_slx.psm
sim_asm_test_024_sr            : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_024_sr.psm
sim_asm_test_025_call          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_025_call.psm
sim_asm_test_026_call_ret      : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_026_call_ret.psm
sim_asm_test_027_call_ret      : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_027_call_ret.psm
sim_asm_test_028_call_ret_cond : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_028_call_ret_cond.psm
sim_asm_test_029_fetch_store   : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_029_fetch_store.psm
sim_asm_test_030_fetch_store   : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_030_fetch_store.psm
sim_asm_test_031_fetch_store   : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_031_fetch_store.psm
sim_asm_test_032_stack_depth   : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_032_stack_depth.psm
sim_asm_test_033_mul           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_033_mul.psm
sim_asm_test_034_div           : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_034_div.psm
sim_asm_test_035_test          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_035_test.psm
sim_asm_test_036_test          : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_036_test.psm
sim_asm_test_037_in_out        : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_037_in_out.psm
sim_asm_test_038_in_out        : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_038_in_out.psm
sim_asm_test_039_eint_reti     : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_039_eint_reti.psm
sim_asm_test_040_eint_reti     : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_040_eint_reti.psm
sim_asm_test_041_eint_reti     : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-asm/test_041_eint_reti.psm
sim_c_test_uadd32              : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-c/test_uadd32.c
sim_c_test_udiv32              : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-c/test_udiv32.c
sim_c_test_umul32              : Simulation of the test sim/testbench-c/test_umul32.c

